This is another file in new BranchYYY
How does self-love help?
Not always we are required to work in favourable situations, therefore if we
are not happy, caring and loving ourselves, how will we adjust and work in
different situations?
We got to embrace ourselves and move ahead.
We got to get rid of our fears, this will only happen if we love ourselves.
Once you start loving yourself, judgements won’t matter. You’ll stop looking
for approvals.
There are enough people doubting you, don’t be one amongst them.
Start loving yourself - you are the one who will stay with you forever.
Stop focussing on your flaws.
Your flaws and imperfections make you unique.
Stop being worried about other people.
If you don’t love yourself, you’ll regularly get upset about yourself, you’ll be
insecure, you’ll lose focus and it will affect your behaviour, it will affect your
performance, it will affect your relationship and family life.
So many issues - just because of not loving yourself.
You have to start loving yourself and live a peaceful life.
Don’t expect a lot from others and feel dejected.
Trade your expectations into appreciation.
Know yourself better. Once you understand what affects you, now make an
effort to get rid of your emotional reaction to it.
Be obsessed with yourself.
14 ways to love yourself
1.) Appreciate others
This might appear weird, but the fact is you can appreciate others only
when you appreciate yourself.
If your glass is empty, how will you fill the glass of others?
All rights reserved by Rahul Bhatnagar. The sale, reuse and sharing of this content is illegal and against the law. Legal action + a
fine of Rs. 10 lakhs will be imposed against anyone found doing so.
Further, when you see a smile on the face of other people because of you,
automatically you feel good and happy.
2.) Don’t compare with others
Since childhood, you or your parents have kept on comparing you with
others pertaining to grades, behaviour and what not
Has it ever made you happy?
Has it made you feel good?
If not, kindly stop doing it.
You never know the backstory or others, so kindly stop comparing.
3.) Stop looking for secret tricks
Stop looking for that magical formula that will change everything in a day or
two.
Behind one overnight success, there are years of hard work and toil.
Put consistent conscious efforts in the right direction.
Work really hard and update yourself.
4.) Don’t expect others to recognise your work
Never ever stop doing your best just because someone is not giving you
credit.
Work hard in silence, let your success make all the noise.
It’s okay if your work is not recognized by others today.
A day will come when it will be recognized, however for that, you need to
continue working and persisting.
5.) Tap your back and say “Good Work”
Why wait for others to come and cheer you on?
Be your own cheerleader.
All rights reserved by Rahul Bhatnagar. The sale, reuse and sharing of this content is illegal and against the law. Legal action + a
fine of Rs. 10 lakhs will be imposed against anyone found doing so.
When you have done something good, tap and say good work.
Reward yourself, eat something good, go to some good places, have some
good experiences.
Make yourself feel good, you deserve it.
6.) Stop feeding negativity to your mind
What goes in comes out.
You attract what you feed.
We have both the qualities, the one you feed will win.
If you think something or someone is making you feel negative, just remove
that thing or person.
Your mental peace comes first.
7.) Happiness is a choice
Happy people earn more than unhappy people.
You don’t really need to do big things to be happy.
Learn to find happiness in small things.
You always can find a reason to smile even in the toughest situation if you
want to.
8.) Believe that there is a purpose
We are not just existing for the sake of existence.
There is a huge purpose behind it, you need to find that purpose and go all
in.
No problem, if you still haven’t figured out your purpose.
Just believe there is a purpose and keep going, for sure you’ll find one.
9.) Travel to new places
Have new experiences and meet new people.
All rights reserved by Rahul Bhatnagar. The sale, reuse and sharing of this content is illegal and against the law. Legal action + a
fine of Rs. 10 lakhs will be imposed against anyone found doing so.
Develop a positive outlook.
Travel takes us out of our comfort zones and inspires us to see, feel, taste
and try new things.
It constantly challenges us, not only to explore new surroundings, but also
to engage with different people, to embrace adventures as they come and
to share new and gain experiences.
Become more humble by knowing still there is so much to explore.
10.) Keep a Vision Board
Out of sight, out of mind.
If your vision is not in front of you, you’ll forget it.
Your vision board will drive you whenever you feel low.
It will also help you realize how far you have come when you track it
regularly.
Additionally, it will ensure that you are on track.
11.) Give without expectations
Whenever you see someone who is in need, give whatever is in your
individual capacity.
Be a giver.
Give without expectations.
Giving is not just monetary, maybe emotional support or knowledge too.
12.) Visit orphanages and old age homes
Realize how blessed you are.
We are busy cribbing and complaining and it never ends.
However, when you see people in orphanages and old age homes, you’ll
understand how fortunate and blessed you are.
13.) Challenge the situations
In the midst of difficulties lies the opportunities.
All rights reserved by Rahul Bhatnagar. The sale, reuse and sharing of this content is illegal and against the law. Legal action + a
fine of Rs. 10 lakhs will be imposed against anyone found doing so.
If things are not in your control and results are not in your favour. Challenge
the situation and do your best.
Challenges drive us.
Don’t get demotivated, instead get challenged.
14.) I
